#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
NotePost Notice Tracking System, User Manual
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Melkisedek Hamakali
\end_layout

\begin_layout Date
30 May 2014
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
This document guides the user in installing and using features of the notepost.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Installation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Before we begin, you must git
\begin_inset Foot
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
is a distributed revision control and source code management (SCM) system
 with an emphasis on speed
\end_layout

\end_inset

, make
\begin_inset Foot
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
A UNIX utility for maintaining, updating, and regenerating groups of programs.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 and the libgcrypt
\begin_inset Foot
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
libgcrypt is a cryptographic library developed as a separated module of
 GnuPG
\end_layout

\end_inset

 library installed.
 Consult your package manager or Google for installation of those if they
 are not packaged with your system.
 To begin installation, open your terminal or command prompt application.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Please note that nano would be presented by your user-name and proline by
 your PC's name in the format user-name@PC-name.
 Type the following commands (ignore the $, it represent the prompt).
 Wait for the $ sign after each command before typing the next one.
\end_layout

\begin_layout LyX-Code
$ git clone https://github.com/melkisedek/notepost.git
\end_layout

\begin_layout LyX-Code
$ cd notepost
\end_layout

\begin_layout LyX-Code
$ make 
\end_layout

\begin_layout LyX-Code
$ ./notepost
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Those commands compile (
\emph on
$ make
\emph default
) and run (
\emph on
$ ./notepost
\emph default
) the notepost program.
 It should result into something similar to the pictures below.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
