#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
NotePost Notice Tracking System, Project Description
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
by Melkisedek Hamakali (211053686), Lead Developer
\end_layout

\begin_layout Date
18 April 2014
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
This document is a project description of the NotePost system for Procedural
 Programming (PPR) term project.
 This is 
\emph on
version 1.0 
\emph default
of the system.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Problem Identification
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Polytechnic of Namibia uses notice boards for informing students of
 events happening in the institution.
 These are a good traditional way of giving information to students.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
However at times it can be inadequate, for example 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
some students don't read the notices because of many reasons such as busy
 schedules, distance education and absenteeism.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
They could read about some of the events on the polytechnic website but
 unfortunately many social events are not shown there.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Some notices are badly designed and do not attract student attention even
 when they have important information such as lecture times, test dates
 etc.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Proposed Solution
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My proposed solution is to build a multi-user program that allows lecturers,
 SRCs and anyone with authority over notice boards to sent messages to a
 central place where they can be easily controlled.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It should allow them to do the following: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Allow students to have a central place to view all notices 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Make setting up a notice as easy as possible without having to teach the
 customers new skills.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Other Solutions
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I don't know of many programs that try to fix this problem.
 It can also be solved by using: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Oracle's apex but apex also provides too many features which I would never
 use for small project.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
We could build a complete website with Content Management Systems to manage
 notices however the learning overhead (for developer and customer) might
 delay the project more than necessary.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Feasibility Of Proposed Solution
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My solution is feasible because: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
I already know C programming and will not be delayed in beginning of the
 project.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
The c programming language is simple and does not offer many complicated
 frameworks and classes.
 This is good for the project because the project doesn't require many of
 the advanced features.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
